here are this week's top movies I think
I know when my dad went that's right in
the middle of the devil sea in Tomb
Raider a fiercely independent woman
faces her destiny when she embarks on a
far-flung adventure to find her father
done living in a world where I don't get
to be Who I am
I deserve a great love story in love
Simon 18 struggles with romance and
coming up it's nice to know there's
another guy at school with the same
secret when did you first realize life
nowhere because you chase some stupid
grin I can only imagine the challenging
true life drama between a father and son
that inspired a popular song is exam I
wrote this song from my dad see what's
hot in theaters with this week's fantasy
patient so what's your weekend ticket
going to be let us know by commenting
see you next time on weekend ticket
[Music]
[Applause]